Update the log redaction documentation (#18487)
pingcap/docs: log-redaction.md

The error log for the `INSERT` statement above is printed as follows:

```
[2024/07/02 11:35:32.686 +08:00] [INFO] [conn.go:1146] ["command dispatched failed"] [conn=1482686470] [session_alias=] [connInfo="id:1482686470, addr:127.0.0.1:52258 status:10, collation:utf8mb4_0900_ai_ci, user:root"] [command=Query] [status="inTxn:0, autocommit:1"] [sql="insert into `t` values ( ... )"] [txn_mode=PESSIMISTIC] [timestamp=450859193514065921] [err="[kv:1062]Duplicate entry '?' for key 't.a'"]
```

From the above error log, you can see that when the value of `tidb_redact_log` is set to `ON`, sensitive information is shielded using `?` in the TiDB log to avoid data security risks. TiDB also provides the `MARKER` option. When the value of `tidb_redact_log` is set to `MARKER`, TiDB will mark sensitive information in the log with single-angle quotation marks `‹›` instead of shielding it directly. With the `MARKER` option, you can customize the redaction rules.

```sql
set @@global.tidb_redact_log = MARKER;
```

> After it is set to `MARKER`, the sensitive information is flagged instead of replaced in all logs generated by a new session:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once it is set to `MARKER`, the sensitive information is flagged rather than replaced in all logs generated by a new session:
```

```sql
create table t (a int, unique key (a));
Query OK, 0 rows affected (0.07 sec)

insert into t values (1),(1);
ERROR 1062 (23000): Duplicate entry '‹1›' for key 't.a'
```

> The error log is printed out as follows:

Author: ```suggestion
The error log is as follows:
```

```
[2024/07/02 11:35:01.426 +08:00] [INFO] [conn.go:1146] ["command dispatched failed"] [conn=1482686470] [session_alias=] [connInfo="id:1482686470, addr:127.0.0.1:52258 status:10, collation:utf8mb4_0900_ai_ci, user:root"] [command=Query] [status="inTxn:0, autocommit:1"] [sql="insert into `t` values ( ‹1› ) , ( ‹1› )"] [txn_mode=PESSIMISTIC] [timestamp=450859185309483010] [err="[kv:1062]Duplicate entry '‹1›' for key 't.a'"]
```

> As you can see from the above error log, when the value of `tidb_redact_log` is set to `MARKER`, TiDB log will mark the sensitive information with single-angle quotation marks `‹›`. You can customize the redaction rules to deal with the sensitive information in the log according to your own needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As shown in the above error log, setting `tidb_redact_log` to `MARKER` in TiDB will make sensitive information being marked with single-angle quotation marks `‹›` in the log. Custom redaction rules can be applied to handle sensitive information in the log as required.
```

## Log redaction in TiKV side

> To enable log redaction in the TiKV side, set the value of [`security.redact-info-log`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#redact-info-log-new-in-v408) to `true` or `marker`. This configuration value defaults to `false`, which means that log redaction is disabled.

Author: ```suggestion
To enable log redaction in the TiKV side, set the value of [`security.redact-info-log`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#redact-info-log-new-in-v408) to `true` or `"marker"`. This configuration value defaults to `false`, which means that log redaction is disabled.
```

## Log redaction in PD side

> To enable log redaction in the PD side, set the value of [`security.redact-info-log`](/pd-configuration-file.md#redact-info-log-new-in-v50) to `true` or `marker`. This configuration value defaults to `false`, which means that log redaction is disabled.

Author: ```suggestion
To enable log redaction in the PD side, set the value of [`security.redact-info-log`](/pd-configuration-file.md#redact-info-log-new-in-v50) to `true` or `"marker"`. This configuration value defaults to `false`, which means that log redaction is disabled.
```

> To enable log redaction in the PD side, set the value of [`security.redact-info-log`](/pd-configuration-file.md#redact-info-log-new-in-v50) to `true` or `marker`. This configuration value defaults to `false`, which means that log redaction is disabled.

Reviewer 2: It should be `"marker"`.

## Log redaction in TiFlash side

> To enable log redaction in the TiFlash side, set both the [`security.redact_info_log`](/tiflash/tiflash-configuration.md#configure-the-tiflashtoml-file) value in tiflash-server and the [`security.redact-info-log`](/tiflash/tiflash-configuration.md#configure-the-tiflash-learnertoml-file) value in tiflash-learner to `true` or `marker`. Both configuration values default to `false`, which means that log redaction is disabled.

Author: ```suggestion
To enable log redaction in the TiFlash side, set both the [`security.redact_info_log`](/tiflash/tiflash-configuration.md#configure-the-tiflashtoml-file) value in tiflash-server and the [`security.redact-info-log`](/tiflash/tiflash-configuration.md#configure-the-tiflash-learnertoml-file) value in tiflash-learner to `true` or `"marker"`. Both configuration values default to `false`, which means that log redaction is disabled.
```

In addition, TiDB provides the `MARKER` option. When the value of `tidb_redact_log` is set to `MARKER`, TiDB marks sensitive information in the log with `‹›` instead of replacing it directly, so you can customize the redaction rules.

```sql
set @@global.tidb_redact_log = MARKER;
```

After the preceding configuration, the sensitive information is marked rather than replaced in all logs generated by new sessions:

```sql
create table t (a int, unique key (a));
Query OK, 0 rows affected (0.07 sec)

insert into t values (1),(1);
ERROR 1062 (23000): Duplicate entry '‹1›' for key 't.a'
```

The error log is as follows:

```
[2024/07/02 11:35:01.426 +08:00] [INFO] [conn.go:1146] ["command dispatched failed"] [conn=1482686470] [session_alias=] [connInfo="id:1482686470, addr:127.0.0.1:52258 status:10, collation:utf8mb4_0900_ai_ci, user:root"] [command=Query] [status="inTxn:0, autocommit:1"] [sql="insert into `t` values ( ‹1› ) , ( ‹1› )"] [txn_mode=PESSIMISTIC] [timestamp=450859185309483010] [err="[kv:1062]Duplicate entry '‹1›' for key 't.a'"]
```

> As you can see from the preceding error log, after you set `tidb_redact_log` to `MARKER`, TiDB marks sensitive information using `‹ ›` in the log. You can custom redaction rules to handle sensitive information in the log as needed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
As you can see from the preceding error log, after you set `tidb_redact_log` to `MARKER`, TiDB marks sensitive information using `‹ ›` in the log. You can customize redaction rules to handle sensitive information in the log as needed.
```
